now when all this was finished all
now when all this was finished all Israel who were present went out to the
Israel who were present went out to the
Israel who were present went out to the cities of
cities of
cities of and broke the sacred pillars in pieces
and broke the sacred pillars in pieces
and broke the sacred pillars in pieces cut down the wooden images and threw
cut down the wooden images and threw
cut down the wooden images and threw down the high places and the altars from
down the high places and the altars from
down the high places and the altars from all Judah Benjamin Ephraim and Manasseh
all Judah Benjamin Ephraim and Manasseh
all Judah Benjamin Ephraim and Manasseh until they had utterly destroyed them
until they had utterly destroyed them
until they had utterly destroyed them all
all
all then all the children of Israel returned
then all the children of Israel returned
then all the children of Israel returned to their own cities every man to his
to their own cities every man to his
to their own cities every man to his possession and Hezekiah appointed the
possession and Hezekiah appointed the
possession and Hezekiah appointed the divisions of the priests and the Levites
divisions of the priests and the Levites
divisions of the priests and the Levites according to their divisions each man
according to their divisions each man
according to their divisions each man according to his service the priests and
according to his service the priests and
according to his service the priests and Levites for burnt offerings and peace
Levites for burnt offerings and peace
Levites for burnt offerings and peace offerings to serve to give thanks and to
offerings to serve to give thanks and to
offerings to serve to give thanks and to praise in the gates of the camp of the
praise in the gates of the camp of the
praise in the gates of the camp of the Lord the king also appointed a portion
Lord the king also appointed a portion
Lord the king also appointed a portion of his possessions for the burnt
of his possessions for the burnt
of his possessions for the burnt offerings for the morning and evening
offerings for the morning and evening
offerings for the morning and evening burnt offerings the burnt offerings for
burnt offerings the burnt offerings for
burnt offerings the burnt offerings for the Sabbath's and the new moons and the
the Sabbath's and the new moons and the
the Sabbath's and the new moons and the set feasts as it is written in the law
set feasts as it is written in the law
set feasts as it is written in the law of the Lord
of the Lord
of the Lord moreover he commanded the people who
moreover he commanded the people who
moreover he commanded the people who dwelt in Jerusalem to contribute support
dwelt in Jerusalem to contribute support
dwelt in Jerusalem to contribute support for the priests and the Levites that
for the priests and the Levites that
for the priests and the Levites that they might devote themselves to the law
they might devote themselves to the law
they might devote themselves to the law of the Lord as soon as the commandment
of the Lord as soon as the commandment
of the Lord as soon as the commandment was circulated the children of Israel
was circulated the children of Israel
was circulated the children of Israel brought in abundance the firstfruits of
brought in abundance the firstfruits of
brought in abundance the firstfruits of grain and wine oil and honey and of all
grain and wine oil and honey and of all
grain and wine oil and honey and of all the produce of the field and they
the produce of the field and they
the produce of the field and they brought in abundantly the tithe of
brought in abundantly the tithe of
brought in abundantly the tithe of everything and the children of Israel
everything and the children of Israel
everything and the children of Israel and Judah who dwelt in the cities of
and Judah who dwelt in the cities of
and Judah who dwelt in the cities of Judah brought the tithes of oxen and
Judah brought the tithes of oxen and
Judah brought the tithes of oxen and sheep also the tithes of holy things
sheep also the tithes of holy things
sheep also the tithes of holy things which were consecrated to the Lord their
which were consecrated to the Lord their
which were consecrated to the Lord their God they laid in heaps in the third
God they laid in heaps in the third
God they laid in heaps in the third month they began laying them in heaps
month they began laying them in heaps
month they began laying them in heaps and they finished in the seventh month
and they finished in the seventh month
and they finished in the seventh month and when Hezekiah and the leaders came
and when Hezekiah and the leaders came
and when Hezekiah and the leaders came and saw the heaps they blessed the Lord
and saw the heaps they blessed the Lord
and saw the heaps they blessed the Lord and his people Israel Benton has a car
and his people Israel Benton has a car
and his people Israel Benton has a car questioned the priests and the Levites
questioned the priests and the Levites
questioned the priests and the Levites concerning the heaps and Azariah the
concerning the heaps and Azariah the
concerning the heaps and Azariah the chief priests from the house of Zahra
chief priests from the house of Zahra
chief priests from the house of Zahra answered him
answered him
answered him since the people began to bring the
since the people began to bring the
since the people began to bring the offerings into the house of the Lord we
offerings into the house of the Lord we
offerings into the house of the Lord we have had enough to eat and have plenty
have had enough to eat and have plenty
have had enough to eat and have plenty left for the Lord has blessed his people
left for the Lord has blessed his people
left for the Lord has blessed his people and what is left is this great abundance
and what is left is this great abundance
and what is left is this great abundance now as a car commanded them to prepare
now as a car commanded them to prepare
now as a car commanded them to prepare rooms in the house of the Lord and they
rooms in the house of the Lord and they
rooms in the house of the Lord and they prepared them then they faithfully
prepared them then they faithfully
prepared them then they faithfully brought in the offerings the tithe and
brought in the offerings the tithe and
brought in the offerings the tithe and the dedicated things
the dedicated things
the dedicated things kana nya the Levite had charge of them
kana nya the Levite had charge of them
kana nya the Levite had charge of them and shamea his brother was the next
and shamea his brother was the next
and shamea his brother was the next Jehiel as a zyre nay hath a Sahel
Jehiel as a zyre nay hath a Sahel
Jehiel as a zyre nay hath a Sahel jeremiah jazz' bod Alya is mkhaya May
jeremiah jazz' bod Alya is mkhaya May
jeremiah jazz' bod Alya is mkhaya May hath and benaiah were overseers under
hath and benaiah were overseers under
hath and benaiah were overseers under the hand of kin Ania and shimmy I his
the hand of kin Ania and shimmy I his
the hand of kin Ania and shimmy I his brother at the commandment of Hezekiah
brother at the commandment of Hezekiah
brother at the commandment of Hezekiah the King and Azariah the ruler of the
the King and Azariah the ruler of the
the King and Azariah the ruler of the house of God Corie the son of imlah the
house of God Corie the son of imlah the
house of God Corie the son of imlah the Levite the keeper of the Eastgate was
Levite the keeper of the Eastgate was
Levite the keeper of the Eastgate was over the freewill offerings to God to
over the freewill offerings to God to
over the freewill offerings to God to distribute the offerings of the Lord and
distribute the offerings of the Lord and
distribute the offerings of the Lord and the most holy things and under him were
the most holy things and under him were
the most holy things and under him were Eden monoamine Joshua
Eden monoamine Joshua
Eden monoamine Joshua Shanaya a Moriah and shagging ayah his
Shanaya a Moriah and shagging ayah his
Shanaya a Moriah and shagging ayah his faithful assistants in the cities of the
faithful assistants in the cities of the
faithful assistants in the cities of the priests to distribute allotments to
priests to distribute allotments to
priests to distribute allotments to their brethren by divisions to the great
their brethren by divisions to the great
their brethren by divisions to the great as well as the small besides those males
as well as the small besides those males
as well as the small besides those males from 3 years old and up who were written
from 3 years old and up who were written
from 3 years old and up who were written in the genealogy they distributed to
in the genealogy they distributed to
in the genealogy they distributed to everyone who entered the house of the
everyone who entered the house of the
everyone who entered the house of the Lord his daily portion for the work of
Lord his daily portion for the work of
Lord his daily portion for the work of his service by his division and to the
his service by his division and to the
his service by his division and to the priests who were written in the
priests who were written in the
priests who were written in the genealogy according to their father's
genealogy according to their father's
genealogy according to their father's house and to the Levites from 20 years
house and to the Levites from 20 years
house and to the Levites from 20 years old and up according to their work by
old and up according to their work by
old and up according to their work by their divisions and to all who were
their divisions and to all who were
their divisions and to all who were written in the genealogy their little
written in the genealogy their little
written in the genealogy their little ones and their wives their sons and
ones and their wives their sons and
ones and their wives their sons and daughters the whole company of them for
daughters the whole company of them for
daughters the whole company of them for in their faithfulness they sanctified
in their faithfulness they sanctified
in their faithfulness they sanctified themselves in holiness
themselves in holiness
themselves in holiness [Music]
[Music]
[Music] also for the sons of Aaron the priests
also for the sons of Aaron the priests
also for the sons of Aaron the priests who were in the fields of the common
who were in the fields of the common
who were in the fields of the common lands of their cities in every single
lands of their cities in every single
lands of their cities in every single city there were men who were designated
city there were men who were designated
city there were men who were designated by name to distribute portions to all
by name to distribute portions to all
by name to distribute portions to all the males among the priests and to all
the males among the priests and to all
the males among the priests and to all who were listed by genealogies among the
who were listed by genealogies among the
who were listed by genealogies among the Levites thus as a Cara did throughout
Levites thus as a Cara did throughout
Levites thus as a Cara did throughout all judah and he did what was good and
all judah and he did what was good and
all judah and he did what was good and right and true before the lord his god
right and true before the lord his god
right and true before the lord his god and in every work that he began in the
and in every work that he began in the
and in every work that he began in the service of the house of god in the law
service of the house of god in the law
service of the house of god in the law and in the commandment to seek his god
and in the commandment to seek his god
and in the commandment to seek his god he did it with all his heart so he
he did it with all his heart so he
he did it with all his heart so he prospered